Update README.md (#21)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hashicups-pf: README.md

# Terraform Provider Hashicups

> This repo is a companion repo to the [Call APIs with Terraform Providers](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/providers) tutorials. 

Reviewer: Please note that there is a new framework-specific collection now: https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/providers-plugin-framework

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repo is a companion repo to the [Call APIs with Terraform Providers](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/providers-plugin-framework) tutorials. 
```
